doc(llnode): add user journey guide (#587)
nodejs/diagnostics: documentation/crash/step2/using_llnode.md

# Using `llnode` for post-mortem debugging

You probably already experienced bugs that only happen in production. You'd like to reproduce it and step through instructions, but it will imply stopping your Node.js process and certainly degrade the user experience.

The purpose of this guide is to help you to find route causes
of your application crashes in production.

Before jumping into the code, let's clarify a few core concepts
that will helps you to go thoroughly through this tutorial.

## Concepts

> ### What is post-mortem debugging?

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed. Even being important, I don't see beginners going to this document as a first reference. I see this document as a tutorial on a specific workflow, in this case, using llnode to diagnose application _crash_.

So, for instance, I'd replace the sections of `What is ***` to `Finding function using llnode` or `Get crash report using llnode`

Does that make sense?

Author: > I don't think this is needed. Even being important, I don't see beginners going to this document as a first reference. I see this document as a tutorial on a specific workflow, in this case, using llnode to diagnose application crash.

I agree to delete the `What is post-mortem debugging`; it seems too broad. But for the two others (core dumps & lldb) it could be relevant IMO. What we could do is invite people that are familiar with these concepts to go to the next chapter. WDYT?

Reviewer: SGTM

# Using `llnode` for post-mortem debugging

You probably already experienced crashes that only happen in production.
You'd like to reproduce it and step through instructions, 
but it will imply stopping your Node.js process and certainly 
degrade the user experience.

The purpose of this guide is to help you to find route causes
of your application crashes in production.

Before jumping into the code, let's clarify a few core concepts
that will helps you to go thoroughly through this tutorial.

## Concepts

> ✋ If you familliar with the concept of core dump and `lldb`, 

> > please skip this chapter, and start [here](#explore-your-firstcore-dump)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> please skip this chapter, and start [here](#explore-your-first-core-dump)
```

Author: Nice catch
